cinnamon the television more atmosphere and
good decio de maría, owner of the league
bancomer mx spoke after this meeting
of owners of the Mexican federation of
football announced that the next
tournament the closing will begin at
disputed on January 9 and it would be
ending May 31, they also study
the possibility that the cup mx of
next year 2015 will also be played with
mlb equipment
the closing calendar of 2015 was approved
that we started the weekend of 9
January
and we conclude
Sunday May 31 is a calendar
no double dates with a break in May
for the fifa dates of March for the
fifa March dates around
July 18 and 19 will be held on
game between the champion of champions
opening champion and the champion of
closing is a game that will take
out in the usa on a date at a venue
to define if we have evaluated the
possibility and we have started to work
to be able to generate a concept
binational in terms of the cup is a
project that is in the making that is not
official but he has had work
with our league mates in
us is a possibility and so I want that
that is reported by you if you are going to
report
subscribe to our YouTube channel and
Follow all the information of your sport
and from your favorite team start now
by clicking on these videos